idest
    by David Brady
    github@shinybit.com

== DESCRIPTION:

"id est" is a nanoapp to track task estimates. Much like a task list,
you tell idest what jobs you want to get done. You also estimate how
long you think the task will take, when you think it will be done, and
you rate your confidence in these estimates.

You may revise your estimates at any time. You just tell idest why you
are changing your estimate, what the new estimate is, and what your
new confidence in the new estimate is.

Once you have some completed tasks, you can review your estimation
process, discover your most common causes for estimation change, and
ultimately improve your estimation ability.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* The whole app doesn't exist yet.

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIXME (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Sinatra
* DataMapper
* FIXME (list of requirements)

== INSTALL:

* FIXME (sudo gem install, anything else)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 David Brady <github@shinybit.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
